--- 
layout: post
title: THE blurb of 2001
---
I just went to <a href="http://www.eatsleepcode.net">Allen's</a> site and he's
redoing it to have tips or something.  It's broken right now but it's always
worth checking out.  <a href="http://www.nothingkillsfaster.com">Niekze</a> is
like non stop webupdate dude.  Someone please give him a job doing unix shit.  I
ordered an ibook, one of the new ones, and it's coming with OS X.  That should
be fun to fuck with, and if it sucks i can run linux ppc on it.  I've kept
freebsd on my desktop for like 2 weeks or so now and I'm still liking it. 
Detroit last weekend was off the heezy for sheezy.  The IMYTA is really dope for
rollerblading, the contest was dope, the skating was dope, the people are dope.
 <B>IMYTA</B> is the <B>I M</B>atch <B>Y</B>our <B>T</B>rick
<B>a</B>association(preachin knowledge)  I'm really surprised we never got
arrested in detroit, I guess someone was looking out for us.  Check out <a
HREF="http://www.worshiprecs.com">Worship Records</a>, <a
HREF="http://news.linuxprogramming.com/news_story.php3?ltsn=2001-05-15-001-06-LT">GCC</a>
3.0 status is kinda funny, the developer is gonna commit suicide if GCC 3.0
isn't released by some date.  DJ Krush is dope.  Jenny Mayer is in Memphis. 
Sushi at sekisui owns. That mysql/php shit went really well and it's done. Back
to the K&R C book....  If for some strange reason you're on my site, and you've
never been here before.  Respect.  Respect in the sense that I hope you have
what you want.  Whatever it is you may be doing right now if it makes you happy
and you wouldn't trade it for the world I bid you well.  Or if you're working
towards something, with a goal in mind I bid you good luck.  In reality though,
this is just another website documenting the free time of some kid, me.
