--- 
layout: post
title: Shitty day
---
Yesterday seemed to be going really well until I got home from school.  I needed to 
install mac os9 on my ibook to do some word processing.  I ejected the cdrom, put the os 
9 cd in, closed it, it popped back out.  For the sake of brevity, it won't close, the tech 
support people were amused at how long it takes for my ibook to boot up, and I have to 
send it back to apple for repairs.  So that sucks.  <a href="/zelda/">Zelda</a>, my cat 
got spayed and declawed last week, and has had this absurd collar on since last friday.  
I was supposed to be able to take it off of her yesterday, but I felt it should stay on 
another day since her stomach stitches didn't look 100%.  I felt bad today because she 
looked pathetic and took it off.  Within two hours my sister comes into my room 
screaming, telling me the cat has opened up her wound, to my surprise and disgust I 
could see my cat's inner organs.  It was sickening, and we got to make an emergency 
vet visit which ended up costing more then the spaying and declawing combined.  Right 
now she's still at the vet staying over night and getting sewn back up.  So we arrive 
home and my sister calls my dad to ask if he could pick up the cat because she needs to 
be picked up before 8am tommorow and the 24 hour vet is considerably closer to my 
dad's house then ours.  <B>More</B> bad news!  My grandfather died.  He's been really 
sick and we were expecting him to die in the next week or so, but it still is shitty news.  I 
had talked to my brother the other day and he was really bummed knowing that my 
grandad was gonna die and he never got to let him know how he felt about him.  I felt I 
summed up his view really well in our talk by saying (addressing my grandad) "Hey man, 
I'm sorry you're dying, I really wish we coulda spent more time together.  I think it's a 
shame that something as sad as this had to make me realize how much you meant to 
me, and that I really didn't take the time before it got to this point to let you know."  I 
imagine stuff like that comes out of people's mouths all the time when someone dies, it'd 
be nice to let people know how much we appreciate them when they're alive.  I got to 
talk with my granddad quite a bit at my sister's wedding this summer.  We talked about 
life and our family and I'm greatful for that, hell I even got to drink a beer with him =).  He 
was a great dude, I'll miss him a shitload, and I love him.  We have some pictures from 
the wedding of us talking, hopefully sometime soon I'll scan them in and put them up.
