--- 
layout: post
title: I'm Deaf in One Ear
---
So the Memphis in May music festival was really dope.  I got to see The Dave 
Matthew's Band which I have to say was really impressive.  If you ever have 
the chance to check out DMB you should.  I still have ringing in my left ear 
from the Black Crowes concert on Sunday night which also was pretty dope.  I 
ran across <a 
HREF="http://www.frontpagemag.com/horowitzsnotepad/2001/hn01-03-01.htm">this</a> 
today.  This guy rates his top ten reasons why blacks should NOT be 
compensated for slavery.  I'm by no means a racist, but I really have to agree 
with quite a few of the points, and in general it's tough to distribute 
something like that.  <a href="http://www.nothingkillsfaster.com">Niekze</a> 
prolly bitched about this already, but I don't read his content. =) My Links 
section is populated somewhat again, and I'm moving docs into my docs section 
again.  I don't think a soul in the world finds my site useful other than me, 
but that's exactly why I have it.  I installed <a 
HREF="http://www.freebsd.org">FreeBSD</a> on my desktop last weekend out of 
boredom and knowing that having Quake III on my computer would render me 
pretty useless this summer.  Jesus this is a lot of crap.  I'm also going to 
Detroit this weekend for the IMYTA which is this rollerblading shit, it's dope 
and I wanna be there to support something which I feel is dope. It's now 3am 
and I have to be up in 4 hours I'm not remotely tired which means I'm prolly 
gonna get 2-3 hours of sleep which completely sucks. Oh well.....
