--- 
layout: post
title: Detaching
---
<p>I've spent the last two weeks curled up at random desks and on chairs with my laptop working on my project for database.  It proved to be a gigantic pain in the ass.  I now hate the project passionately, but I"m completely relieved that it's over.  I have four papers left to write over the next two weeks, then exams.  The semester is kinda wrapping up rather quickly.</p>
<p>Apparently my internet connection being down has something to do with squirrels eating my phone lines outside my house.  Why they want to eat those and not nuts or something I am not certain, it makes leaving my <a href="http://www.directvinternet.com">dsl</a> much less painful.  I still haven't moved into Allison's.  I'm hoping to this weekend sometime since I'll have a three day weekend.  It had kinda been pending this whole db project getting done.  I might get cable there though.</p>
<p>It's pretty apparent I've moved all my web content to school machines.  Think they'll get mad.  I honestly don't think they'll mind anything except for the profanity in some of the journal entries... I'm hoping that they're into supporting a computer kid who needs webspace and maintains this webserver anyways.  Hopefully I'll get to spent more time with my computer in the weeks to come.  I kinda miss it.</p>
<p>I had managed to quit smoking for three straight weeks, until two days ago.  I smoked a pack of some hippie ass American Spirits while I finished up the coding process.  Hopefully I'll go back to quitting.</p>
