--- 
layout: post
title: Titles Suck
---
<p>I still have no desktop machine.  I did replace it, for a tyan dual athlon 
board, but I managed to lazily move a jumper without looking what it was 
close to and I killed it.  So now I have two new processors and no 
motherboard for them. </p>
<p>With what little time I've spent coding on my laptop I've been working 
on Visitors for my abstract syntax tree for the tiger language(a compilers 
assignment).  It's been a neat application of a pattern because I actually 
chose it before I really knew what I was doing.  It's turned out to be flexible 
enough to suit my needs very well.</p>
<p>My friend <a href="http://www.gregorydunlap.com">Greg</a> had 
his last day working at school today.  He's finally found a job and starts at 
<a href="http://www.fedex.com">FedEx</a> on Tuesday I think.  I met 
Greg about a year ago when I first did an independent study with <a 
HREF="http://www.cs.kent.edu/~jmaletic/">Dr. Maletic</a>.  We wrote 
subsystems together for the application his Master's thesis was based 
on, and we will undoubtedly have emacs vs. vim battles until one of us 
dies of old age(probably me first since I smoke and drink and he does 
neither).  I'll greatly miss taking breaks from work to smoke cigarettes and 
talk about programming, unix, fight club, or whatever it is we happen to be 
discussing that day.  I hope his new job is as dope as he's led me to 
believe =)</p>
<p>In general I've been slacking off a lot.  Hanging out and bullshitting 
has taken over my urge to do anything.  I have been skating here and 
there, playing lots of frisbee, listening to music, and even making efforts 
to be social.  I have two weeks left in school, and a shitload of stuff 
pending.  My mind has just sorta been preoccupied lately.
