--- 
layout: post
title: Personal Journals
---
<p>My copy of Sage Francis's Personal Journals showed up on the other day.  I dig the shit outta it.  I really don't think it's an album for the masses, but I definitely think there are people out there who would <B>really</B> like it.  During my impatient week of waiting for the cd, I came across the <a href="http://www.non-prophets.com">Non-Prophets</a> website, worth looking around if you dig the whole underground hip hop thing.  I mirrored the lyrics to <a href="/words/next_testament.html">one of the tracks</a> they have in their <a href="http://www.non-prophets.com/lyrics/">lyrics</a> section cause I really liked it.</p>
<p>I'm about to go fail^H^H^H^H take my Database mid-term.  I might be ok, I might not.  My teacher claims his tests are designed to make you think, and that memorization does you no good.  I like the idea, but I have no clue how it'll turn out.  It won't kill me so I guess I'll survive.</p>
<p>I went to the Midsouth Fair last night with my friend Allison.  It's basically this annual thing they have in Memphis every year with carnies, funnel cakes, rides, and all sorts of crazy shit(like a Pony the size of my dog).  For four years I've heard all about it, but never went.  It's an expierience I'd suggest atleast once, it was a lot of fun.</p>
<p>On the computer related front my fucking ipod is gone.  Either I lost it, it got stolen, or some shit.  All I know is I haven't seen it in almost three weeks, so I've given up the ghost.  To frustrate things some GPL software for using an ipod under linux, <a href="http://www.blinkenlights.ch/cgi-bin/fm.pl?get=ipode">GNUpod</a>, is available.  I'm a little more pissed off cause I had these really nice headphones I was using with my ipod, they're gone too.</p>
