--- 
layout: post
title: Les Examens !
---
<p>I have gotten back on the whole <a href="http://www.midsouth.rr.com">roadrunner</a> thing, and I now have net access at Allison's.  I still need to move a bookcase and couch there, but for the most part it's slowly starting to feel like home.  Eventually I'll put up some <a href="/webcam/">webcam</a> action to see what my new room looks like.</p>
<p>I went and hung out with <a href="http://www.gregorydunlap.com">Greg</a>(the man who should be shot for hosting his site on geocities) and Leslie who were lanning last weekend.  I ended up just bringing my laptop and chatting about lunix related shit.  We all wrote some software together a while back for Greg's masters thesis, and it was really cool to see those guys again.  Greg even bought me sushi because he's such a nice guy and has a nice job at this place called <a href="http://www.fedex.com">fedex</a>.  He apparently had never had sushi before so I helped educate him on the wonders of wassabi.</p>
<p>I've gotten my ipod all migrated to work with GNUpod, and I found another project on <a href="http://www.sf.net">sourceforge</a> where a gentlemen is working on <a href="http://gtkpod.sourceforge.net">gtkpod</a>, exactly what I wanted.  The itunes db actually looks freaky as hell, and I'm finally familiar enough with the code to start hacking around in it.  It's still lacking playlist write support, hope I'll be able to get around to it before one of them does.  I don't really know why, it'd just be fun to contribute something to something I use.  Time to make the donuts !!</p>
