--- 
layout: post
title: New Castle
---
<p>I'm going to DC today to see old friends.  I haven't been there in about four years.  I spent my 7th to 12th grade years in and around Washington D.C., so it'll prolly be somewhat akward.  I'm leaving today(friday) at noon, and returning monday evening.  I get to see <a href="http://www.worshiprecs.com">Rob Paine</a> and my friend Regan, both of whom I haven't seen in about a year.  Should be interesting, hopefully I'll get some pictures.</p>
<p>I've been learning about 802.11b network sniffing lately at work.  <a href="http://www.remote-exploit.org">Wellenreiter</a>, <a href="http://www.cqure.net">Wavestumbler</a>, and <a href="http://airsnort.shmoo.com">Airsnort</a> seem to be the decent resources on that whole ordeal.  My airport card in my ibook aparently has firmware to recent to be productive, finding a firmware downgrade for mac hardware is pretty much non-existent.  I ended up finally getting it working on an x86 box at school, but it'd be nice to be able to sniff on my ibook.</p>
<p>I'm kind of displeased with the way they're doing things at school work-wise.  The network will probably get uglier and uglier until they can barely control it.  I was alerted to some blatantly dumb decisions made by "big people" at school.  I would seriously love to tell these "big people" how stupid I think they are but I doubt I'll ever meet them.  I kinda wonder how different the internet I grew up on (sorta meaning what it was like when I started messing with computers) is from the one the people in charge grew up on.  Maybe they're the same and they just don't give a shit?  Maybe it's different and they're too stubborn to admit they're old?  Maybe they're left over from the era where if you were somewhat useful with a computer you were qualified?  I dunno.  I ported a bunch of shit to evas2 recently too.</p>
