--- 
layout: post
title: INSERT TITLE HERE
---
<p>I've been relatively busy lately.  I've been spending a lot of time learning <a href="http://www.openldap.org">LDAP</a> in hopes of moving away from stuff like NIS.  On top of that I'm working in the security lab a few hours a week doing unix related shit for them.  First day there I got to setup a contained wireless network with <a href="http://www.openbsd.org">OpenBSD</a> and <a href="http://www.openbsd.org/cgi-bin/man.cgi?query=authpf&apropos=0&sektion=0&manpath=OpenBSD+Current&arch=i386&format=html">authpf</a>.  So work-wise things are pretty good, especially since I'm still enjoying what I'm doing.</p>
<p>a decent read about pf, the OpenBSD packet filter, is available at <a href="http://www.benzedrine.cx/pf-paper.pdf">Benzedrine</a>, the author's website.  I've seen a couple articles over at <a href="http://www.deadly.org">The OpenBSD Journal</a> regarding vb apps for configuring firewalls and shit on obsd.  Why are they written in vb?  Who the hell knows, there might be a gtk version sometime in the future, but I'd intend it to be much doper. =)</p>
<p><a href="http://www.enlightenment.org">Enlightenment</a> development has regressed a lot in recent months.  Raster is working on evas2 which pretty much makes all previous evas code incompatible.  The wm has been stripped down to just a wm again, but honestly it's in shambles.  I've been working on doing requirements for the file manager(in C++!), essence, which previously were non-existent.  I've got a few pages of them right now, but in doing the requirements I've realized all the crap that it's going to encompass.    Hopefully with some good specs and design a lot of it can be dealt out in small parts to people and just integrated later.</p>
