--- 
layout: post
title: Mandatory Web BS
---
<p><B>Rape</B> <a href="http://www.audiogalaxy.com">Audiogalaxy</a> for breezeblock sets.  <a href="http://www.somethingawful.com">SA</a> consistenly blows my mind with the <a href="http://www.somethingawful.com/features/rejectedvalentines/">quality</a> material they continually put out.  If you're <B>really</B> bored I took a <a href="/sshots/index.php?im=atmos-02-11-2002.png">screenshot</a> the other day, first in a while.</p><p><a href="http://www.cozmo85.net">Roy</a> is getting married, in vegas, in july(or june I forgot already) to his punk rock chickie from nashville. Don't really know what to think about it, but hell good luck duder.  I heard <a href="http://www.nothingkillsfaster.com">Niekze</a> updated his site, but I don't read that shit, he watches the news too much and whines like the commentators on <a href="http://www.cnn.com">CNN</a>.</p><p>I've been reading some, I learned <a href="http://java.sun.com">Java</a> a week or two ago for compilers class.  I see its nice features, but I'd still rather code in C/C++.  I been reworking ebony so it handles all the bglib stuff I worked on over break, so there is a graphical tool to make em.  Been thumbing through <a href="http://hillside.net/patterns/DPBook/DPBook.html">Design Patterns</a> more and more lately, and it's seriously a <B>good</B> book.  It's a definite must for any programmer's library.</p><p>Happy birthday Alice and Ethan(even though you don't read my webpage =) ) who have birthdays either this or last week.
