--- 
layout: post
title: tmp = tmp->next;
---
Time goes on.  My car broke last tuesday, it seems my battery decided to regurgitate battery acid and quit its job.  I replaced the battery, my car started fine, but an hour later it wouldn't again.  So I had to walk to school, it takes about 25 minutes to walk to the south end of campus, and 40 to walk to the north.  Half way to school it started raining, but traveling with my trusty <a href="/misc/index.php?im=ipod_and_cam.jpg">ipod</a> made the rain more bearable.  With school and work I didn't have time to mess with it again till saturday, my dad helped me out and we found it was just battery acid all over the connectors that was fuckin it up.  So my car works again =)  Work is fun, school is school.  It strikes me as odd that every semester it seems like all of my teachers conspire against me to have all of my projects due on the same day.  Yesterday was one of those days.  That day has passed though so now I wait in anticipation of the next day like that.  I gave my history syllabus a look over yesterday(2 weeks into the semester) and noticed I have to do <B>4</B> book reports and write 5 page papers on each one in addition to the text book and other sources he's had us pick up.  This seems rather unusual and unfair for an undergraduate general education class.  Our teacher is some guy getting his PhD and his explanation for why we have to read so many was "Well in graduate school it's not uncommon that we have to read 15 books a semester 4 isn't that bad."  I wanted to reply to that comment with "HELLO! Asshole!  You like that shit and you're in graduate school, every single person is here because they <B>have</B> to be, because it's GENERAL EDUCATION."  I held my tongue though, cause I've learned not to make enemies of my teachers, especially not on the first day of class.
