--- 
layout: post
title: Ding Dongs are Breakfast Food
---
<p>I haven't updated my page in a while, I've sat down to do it a few times but always have gotten distracted.  School trudges on, only three more weeks!  It looks like I'm going to be taking classes this summer which doesn't really bother me.  I've actually been having a lot of fun with Calculus functions and ecore_evas a module in <a href="http://www.enlightenment.org">E</a> cvs.  You can see an example <a href="/files/graph.c">here</a>.  I also started a little hack of <a href="http://www.cymes.de/members/joker/projects/pbbuttons/pbbuttons.html">pbbuttons</a> for my ibook using ecore_evas too. download is <a href="/files/epbbuttons-0.0.2.tar.gz">here</a>.  Ecore_Evas makes things very very easy, <a href="http://www.rephorm.com">rephorm</a> has a <a href="http://www.rephorm.com/rephorm/code/ecore_evas/">tutorial</a> up.  If you're so inclined.  Rephorm's <a href="http://www.rephorm.com/rephorm/code/iconbar/">Iconbar</a> is updated to use these libs so it's been a fun, "play with new code" week. psst... check out <a href="http://gtkpod.sf.net/">gtkpod</a>.</p>
<p>My car woes continued for about another two weeks.  Loose wires caused my tranmission to continue to act weird, I got to leave my car at the transmission place again!  I think Allison and I have really dug our pseudo independence again now that we're not carpooling with each other daily.</p>
<p>On the weirder side of things my Algorithms teacher has been outta the country for two weeks, and of all the places he could've gone, he went to Hong Kong(it is where he's from).  He's <B>supposed</B> to be back teaching us on Tuesday and I'm kinda wondering whether he'll be back or not.  If he's not back, how will the rest of the semester go?  If he does come back, am I gonna get SARS?  I  really could go on living without ever coming into contact with SARS, but do I go back to class.  It's kind of a weird thought, global epidemic!</p>
<p>I guess there has been this whole War in Iraq thing since I last updated.  I've definitely spent my fair share of time on <a href="http://news.google.com">news.google.com</a> ever morning when I wake up.  My <a href="/comics/">comics</a> have atleast made me laugh about it.  At this point I still have a really uneasy feeling about the whole thing, I've just tried to stay busy and not let it effect my day to day activities, like defending my room from invading wasps.</p>
<p>This is getting long now, but whatever.  For the first 3 months I lived at Allisons(it's been 4 now) I didn't really go in my room that often because it had no heat.  Last month I started using it a lot more, and got 2-4 daily visitors in the form of big wasps.  The warmer it got outside the more wasps would visit me(more than 20 per day), and it got kinda freaky.  Allison explained that there was probably a nest above my closet, and we got some <a href="/images/raid.jpg">wasp nest killer stuff</a>.  Attacking later that night we took out multiple nests, and faced some fierce aggression.  I was wounded evading one of the agressors, not stung, I ran into something amidst the confusion and got a gigantic welt on my back.  I probably woulda been better off getting stung, it hurt for days.  The wasp problem is pretty much gone now, but I did kill one while typing this update.  Anyways, that's what's been up.</p>
