--- 
layout: post
title: Human Behaviour
---
<p>I had a bitch of a time getting a new laptop.  Originally I ordered a <a href="http://www.richsawin.com/vaio/">Sony Vaio FR130</a> from <a href="http://www.bestbuy.com">Best Buy</a>, but they canceled my order because I tried to have it shipped somewhere other than my billing address.  I got the "Your order has been canceled" email the morning before I went to the beach.  All week long I had anticipated this new laptop and it wasn't coming.  So instead of trying to be logical about it I went shopping around town to try to get one before I left for the beach.  I ended up getting a 12.1" Sharp(AMD Based) that ran <a href="http://www.openbsd.org">OpenBSD</a> quite well except for it had a really loud fan.  I only played with it away from an internet connection, but I knew I didn't want it so I took it back.  I ended up getting an openbox Sony Vaio with a warranty for a very good price.  It's a GRV670 Pentium4 2.6Ghz, 512MB of ram, ATI Radeon Mobility 9000, 40GB hard disk, lots of ports, and it does 1600x1200. =)  It's fucking huge(15.1), <B>but</B> very very nice.  <a href="http://www.debian.org/">Debian</a> didn't show me much love as I need a newer version of <a href="http://www.xfree86.org">XFree86</a> then is included with stable(woody).  So I tried <a href="http://www.gentoo.org">Gentoo</a>, I really had a pleasant experience with it. It took a while to figure out how to get everything working, but now that I've gotten to sit down and code on it I'm really happy with it.</p>
<p>Summer school ended up being a successful mission, and I"m down to four classes left until I graduate.  Which means all I want for Christmas is to be done.  Those last four classes start tomorrow =(  While my break was short, I relaxed a ton and I"m curious to see what this semester has in store.</p>
<p>The beach was cool, I got to see my grandmother, aunt, uncle, and cousin.  Allison and I went on our first kinda long car trip together and other then me driving her to absolute insanity it went well.  We all ended up having a nice time, I just wish bridie coulda come.</p>
<p>I wrote a little <a href="/code/">code</a> the past couple of days if you're bored.  Also this is the first update served on a grounded wall outlet since moving to allison's last Thanksgiving.  I sleep so much better at night.</p>
