--- 
layout: post
title: The Writer's Motive
---
<p>2 down and 1 to go.  Exams during your last semester are a joke.  It's impossible to study for them because you know regardless of the outcome you'll be so happy you're done.  So I sit at my computer the day before my last exam of my undergraduate college career drinking <a href="http://www.guinness.com">guinness</a>, instead of studying.</p>
<p>On the <a href="http://www.enlightenment.org">E</a> front I've checked in Epsilon.  Epsilon is the validity detection and generation routines that used to live in Esmart's thumbnailing smart object, but with a big bonus, it's using Epeg now.  Epeg offers such a disgustingly wonderful speed increase it had to be merged.  <a href="http://www.azundris.com">Azu</a> already had this incorporated in <a href="http://evidence.sf.net">evidence</a> months ago, but I finally got entice on this bandwagon and it's a fun ride. Epsilon is quite pimp because it can be compiled with and without Epeg support, letting you see the significant difference between the two.  Now to see if we can get <a href="http://triq.net/~jens/thumbnail-spec/index.html">Everyone</a> else to understand why they should modify standards.  We need to let them know properly first.  Bug's lurk, like I didn't introduce them :)</p>
<p>I wrote a theme for an edjified Equate recently with the help of <a href="http://www.rasterman.com">raster's</a> and <a href="http://tigert.gimp.org">tigert's</a> artwork.  It looks like <a href="/images/equate_pre.jpg">this</a>.  Now if only I could get <a href="/images/allison.jpg">Allison</a> to make me some artwork I'd be set.</p>
