--- 
layout: post
title: Thought Seeds
---
<p>You should plant some.  I've been too busy with real life to consistently update my web page lately.  Twelve hours is a full load this semester, and I constantly feel like I'm behind(I still have a project pending approval).  I picked up the new  <a href="http://www.non-prophets.com">Non-Prophets</a>  album HOPE and the new DJ Frane, both of which are really cool.</p>
<p><a href="http://gtkpod.sf.net">Gtkpod</a> released a new version recently with some neat enhancements.  <a href="/images/entice.jpg">Entice</a> is in <a href="http://www.enlightenment.org">Enlightenment</a> cvs now.  It's edje based and screenshots don't really do edje apps much justice.  Things are moving really well on the E front, we've got a handful of excited hackers having a blast.</p>
<p>I went and checked out <a href="http://www.utexas.edu">University of Texas Austin</a>'s <a href="http://www.cs.utexas.edu">Computer Science</a> department last week and was really quite impressed.  I had a nice talk with <a href="http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/dsb/">Don Batory</a> who had some interesting thoughts on grad school and software in general.  I got to meet up with <a href="http://www.rephorm.com">Rephorm</a>, who I'd never met before, and we got some lunch at a cool vegetarian place.  The rest of my weekend was spent with my Aunt and Uncle who were extremely kind to me during my stay, my trip wouldn't have been possible without their help.  I missed Allison a bunch, but the time away made seeing her when I got home that much more special.</p>
