--- 
layout: post
title: What does your soul look like?
---
<p>I'm a big DJ Shadow fan, what can I say? :)  I wish school was over, I'm worn out, uninterested, and my girlfriend is getting sick of the way I handle school/work/hacking responsibilities.  She's trying to be supportive, and I'm really appreciative of that(She's the one getting shortchanged lately).  "Yes I was on the computer all night again.  No, I don't know when I'll sleep, yes I'll be ok. Thanks."</p>
<p>I've been really excited lately about the hacking front.  <a href="http://xcomputerman.com/pages/entrance.html">Entrance</a> got some code upgrades on the ui front this week.  It's now easier to theme the sessions available on the system, and it now supports login faces/user icons(even autologin).  Obligatory <a href="/images/nebulous.jpg">screenshot</a> of my theme, Nebulous, which is no longer the default, <a href="http://www.rasterman.com">raster</a>'s is now, it's more e-ish anyways.  Since I've been focusing on the frontend of entrance as of late, <a href="http://xcomputerman.com/">JeopardE</a>(or xcomp these days) has been fixing up the backend, and is doing an EXCELLENT job.  No more weird flicker when it starts, no weird race conditions when you logout, none of that shit!  Entrance is working. :)  <a href="http://www.enlightenment.org/pages/entice.html">Entice</a> has made lots of progress over the past few weeks as well too.  Thanks to feedback from heads in #edevelop; weirdnesses have been tracked down, the default theme has been sped up slightly, and there's one pending issue, freedesktop.org thumbnail compliance is piss slow.  Raster has some ideas, but hasn't shared the code he's been benchmarking with yet.  Apparently it's about 15-20 times faster generating, and uses about 1/5 of the diskspace.  Only problem is it isn't support alpha channel at the moment(lossy compressed jpg).<a href="/files/edc.vim.gz">Syntax file</a> for edje and vim, courtesy of glassy_ape.</p>
<p>School,School,School.  It sucks working for your teachers , they seem to expect more from you.  They know what you're capable of before you ever walk into their class.  I've gotten pretty sick of migrating from meeting one about a project in class a, with teachers of Class a and B, to talking to teacher B about their systems problems, going to two classes with teacher a, then a class with teacher B.  I've got so much shit to get done in the next thirty days it's not funny.  Just when I thought it couldn't suck anymore, I'm flat broke again. :(</p>
