--- 
layout: post
title: How To Be a Carpenter
---
<p>So today's my one year anniversary with Allison.  Since we've been more or less unseparable since we went to the fair together <a href="/news/2002-09-30/2/">a year ago today</a>.  CRAZY CRAZY CRAZY.  I had no clue going to the fair with this cute girl I met would turn into something that'd last this long.  We sorta worked each other into our lives, and went with it.  I could handle her sticking around for atleast another year. =)</p>
<p>For what it's worth, I like the Aesop Rock and <a href="http:///www.rhymesayers.com">Atmosphere</a> cds a lot more than the Outkast/Erykah Badu/a Perfect Circle cds that came out recently.  The latter three were a tad disappointing, I guess I anticipated them too much.  It kinda freaked me out that I could pickup Seven's Travels at my local Best Buy.  It appears that it's being distributed through Epitaph, who apparently signed <a href="http://www.sagefrancis.net">Sage Francis</a> recently.  Kinda weird how an old punk label is picking up the indie rappers.</p>
<p>I've been working on an edje based entice lately.  Most of the functionality is there, I'm trying to speed up some parts of it so it's just yummy as hell the first time through.  <a href="http://www.rasterman.com/">Raster</a> has been working on an entrance theme lately, which looks quite nice.  Not sure when any of this will make it to cvs, or if it ever will.  I'm trying to keep my head in school, but I'm having trouble doing so.  Seems like all I ever do is cater to fucking beowulf cluster user issues.  It's a shame I'm only excited about 1 of my 4 classes.</p>
