--- 
layout: post
title: strongbad_email.exe
---
<p>We had a circuit breaker blow the other morning, my webserver has been out of commission since then.  I've managed to pull the system and web drives out of the dead web server and move them to an older one(the fabled Realm box!)  I ran into about nine hundred little gotchas, things like, manually setting drive geometry in the BIOS, having an i686 kernel built and having to boot the system on i586, a system with a cdrom that can't boot from it, and no functional floppies when you need them.  I don't know what exactly I'm going to do to replace the machine yet, but for now I've got something up and running, so atleast I can get my email.  I have been using <a href="http://www.procmail.org">procmail</a> for a really long time now, and this week I noticed <B>how</B> essential it is to have around.  An inbox with a couple hundred unsorted messages is tough to sift through.</p>
<p><a href="http://www.cozmo85.net/">Cozmo85</a> came to memphis last weekend and we spent some time skating and catching up.  I hadn't seen him in probably 8 months.  He showed Allison <a href="http://www.homestarrunner.com">Homestarrunner</a> and she immediately became addicted.  I think she's pretty much watched all the content they have, twice.  She's been much more inclined to use my laptop since its been running <a href="http://www.apple.com/macosx/">OS X</a> and I gave her an account. =) I'm still really happy with how Jaguar is running on it.  I got a letter from <a href="http://www.nothingkillsfaster.com">Niekze</a> the other day, it was hand written entirely in l33t speak and cracked me up.  I've put the <a href="/gallery/puckett/">pictures</a> up from two different times we went out celebrating him shipping off</p>
<p>I came across <a href="http://tud.at/programm/fwanalog/">fwanalog</a> the other day and I've spent some time testing it with iptables and ipfilter.  If you wanna see your blocked packets it's neat, if you want a traffic monitor, get another tool.  I'm still working on my little logic project, I've got most of the user interface done.  <a href="/gallery/sshots/atmos-05-22-2003.jpg">Screenshot</a>, first one in a while.  The internals of the site changed quite a bit recently, and I guess I'm happy with how things are working now.  If shit is broken, <a href="/contact/">lemme know</a>.</p>
