--- 
layout: post
title: Prototype
---
<p>Being engaged hasn't
really changed much.  I really wasn't prepared for the number of people saying, "Congratulations!."  I guess I should've seen that one coming.  Allison will hopefully be moving down to Georgia at the beginning of next month.  It'll be really nice to have her around all the time again, and she's bringing furniture. :D</p><p>I got a <a href="/galleria/favorites_two/23/">kitten</a>, her name is Kaya.  I built a new system a little while back, it's an AMD64 2800+, Nvidia Geforce 6800 GT, Abit Kv8 Pro motherboard, and some other stuff.  Having a functional desktop back has taken some getting used to, it's been a while...  I've been taking photos pretty regularly, added two galleries <a href="/gallery/favorites_one/">Favorites One</a> and <a href="/gallery/favorites_two/">Favorites Two</a>.  I've even had a little time to code.</p><p>I recently added primitive exif support to entice, esmart's thumbnail object, and epsilon.  Now there is auto image orientation which reads how you held your camera(i.e. Left-Hand Bottom or Top) from your digital photos and rotates your image for you when it's displayed in entice.  This solved a basic gripe I had with it which involved having to rotate and save tons of images when I'd download a CF card full of images to my computer.  The next phase of exif infestation involves making common exif tag values available in entice's themes.  The themer can (optionally) take advantage of this new functionality by stating which tags they want entice to set for them.  Once I get this implemented, there are a few things in Entrance I want to address, mainly theme namespace issues.</p><p>I updated my engage themes recently to work with the latest versions, I also added a new one called nuvola.  They're available in my <a href="/edje/">Edje</a> section.</p>
