--- 
layout: post
title: Timber
---
<p>Computer Graphics arrived, I've only started thumbing through it.  The <a href="http://www.ninjatune.net/coldcut/">Coldcut</a> cds are nothing short of what I expected, superb.  I've been playing them through Euphoria, which is the next generation of eplayer. Eplayer was originally written by <a href="http://www.cuddletech.com">Benr</a> and <a href="http://www.code-monkey.de">Trill</a> with support for <a href="http://www.xiph.org/ogg/vorbis/">ogg vorbis</a>.  Some pretty sexy skins were made in Edje, and I missed out on most of the fun because all of my music is in mp3 format.  Now fast forward to this week, and Trill made what I consider to be a smart move.  He renamed eplayer and made it a client for <a href="http://xmms2.xmms.org">xmms2</a>, the next version of the audio player that we all know and love.  This makes his job insanely easier as they've developed a wonderful client api, allowing for all the basic things a media player would desire.  To make a long story short, the xmms2 guys stick to the audio backend, and we stick to the graphical frontend.  This keeps everyone inside of their comfort zone and the area they actually <strong>want</strong> to work in.</p>
<p>I've been a scatterbrained little coder lately.  I made some euphoria commits for some basic functionality that wasn't there after the eplayer to  euphoria migration.  I've got this Entrance user code still sitting on my desktop awaiting some final touchups.  Lots of other little custom hacks and random things that aren't quite consumable by the masses, but work exactly how I want them to locally.  I'll hopefully have some more work next week doing a small website for a local company, but that's pending their approval of the proposal I sent out.  So who knows what's in store.</p>
