--- 
layout: post
title: Brief Description
---
<p>Well, where do I even begin?  Long time no update, I've been readjusting to all of the changes that have crept into my life in the past five weeks.  I bought a car (2001 Honda Civic EX), moved to Marietta Georgia (leaving mygirlfriend behind temporarily), started a new job as a junior systems administrator (at a pretty big company), and got an apartment.  I currently have five pieces of furniture, a beanbag chair, my computer desk chair, asmall bookshelf, an old TV stand (for my laptops), and a bed.  It's small, one bedroom, but it's in an excellent area for food, nature, comfort, and transit.  I've posted <a href="/gallery/marietta/">pictures</a> in and around my apartment in my gallery section.  </p><p>My job is ok, using <a href="http://www.perl.org/">perl</a>, some <a href="http://httpd.apache.org">apache2</a>, and good old /bin/sh a bit.  They gave me a pretty old laptop (p3 750mhz) that's been visibly dropped from more than two feet high and the hard drive is perpetually caching. The laptop has to run Windows 2000, which is something I'd never run by choice, mainly because there's software we use there that just isn't on Linux.  They also gave me an even older workstation (p3 550mhz) in my cubicle, which I promptly installed Linux on.  They're having me do a lot of "cross training", as they like to call it, so I understand all of the components that keep the well oiled machine that is my work place, running.  The cool thing is that it's very large-scale stuff, hundreds of thousands of users, load balancers, real backup systems, forward and reverse proxies, and all kinds of neat things I haven't ever been exposed to before.  The infrastructure is quite elegant.</p><p>Since November of 2000 atmos.org has been hosted off of very low-end machines connected to my home cable/DSL connection.  Often times these low-end machines lived under my futon or in a corner collecting dust.  I did my best to keep these machines in decent shape, but I always was limited by the shitty upstream home connections offer.  I had tossed around the idea of getting 'real' hosting over the past few months and finally bought into a provider, <a href="http://www.cihost.com">cihost</a>.  I went for a "crazy deal" and got root on a pretty nice machine with plenty of bandwidth and hard drive space.  I got access to the machine on a Friday night and wasn't done setting it up for at least 48 hours.  Compiling my web server, and the extensions I use from source was not my ideal way of spending a weekend, but I do have what I want and hopefully I won't have to do it again until apache or PHP have security vulnerabilities.  I have mixed feelings about what I got myself into, but when it comes down to it my web site should feel pretty snappy for the next twelve months.  <a href="http://ningerso.atmos.org/">Rbdpngn</a> and <a href="http://www.atmos.org/~digitalfallout/">digitalfallout</a> both have there stuff moved here.  If you regularly contribute to <a href="http://www.enlightenment.org">enlightenment</a> andneed a host feel free to <a href="/contact/">let me know</a>.</p><p>If you made it this far into this update, you're a trooper.  In my free timeI've been:</p><ul><li>Reading <a href="http://www.paulgraham.com">Paul Graham's</a> new book, "Hackers and Painters", "Street Logos" by Tristan Manco, and "Photography" by John Freeman</li><li>Working on some neat things with <a href="http://tokyo.cored.org">tokyo</a></li><li>Getting to know my way around the Metro Atlanta Area</li><li>Calling/Driving to see/Aiming/Emailing my girlfriend often.</li><li>Cleaning up entice, and thinking about future development.</li><li>Cleaning up some of the nasties around my site.</li></ul>
