--- 
layout: post
title: Possibly Maybe
---
<p>I spent some time
learning <a href="http://www.ruby-lang.org">ruby</a> over Thanksgiving
break.  I'm working on a few classes that monitor stuff on my laptop like
battery level, wireless strength, cpu usage, memory, etc.  I had planned on
leveraging <a href="http://www.code-monkey.de/">Tilman's</a> <a
href="http://www.code-monkey.de/?ruby-efl">ruby-efl</a> modules so I could
edje them and just try something new.  I handed off some example code to <a
href="http://www.rephorm.com">rephorm</a> and he's off and running with
it.  He's about to graduate from <a href="http://www.utexas.edu">UT
Austin</a>, congratulations man.</p> <p>I upgraded the webserver this
website is hosted on tonight, there's nothing like having to compile in <a
href="http://httpd.apache.org">apache</a> extensions manually.  It's now
sporting <a href="http://perl.apache.org">mod_perl</a>, <a
href="http://www.modssl.org">mod_ssl</a>, <a
href="http://www.php.net">mod_php</a>, and <a
href="http://www.fractalconcept.com/asp/IXh2/sdataQ0U5WoBhCecyDM==/sdataQuvY9x3g$ecX">mod_lisp</a>.
In addition to that I've upgraded from <a
href="http://www.mysql.com">mysql</a> 3.x to 4.x, and installed <a
href="http://www.cliki.net/CMUCL"> <abbr title="a high-performance, free Common Lisp implementation">CMUCL</abbr></a>.  I'm hoping nothing broke in
the process.</p> <p>I've been sifting through <a
href="http://www.regex.info">Mastering Regular Expressions</a> out of my
own interest, and in hopes of using them more effectively at work.  Work has
been extremely busy lately.  A lot of my perl scripts are gaining acceptance
among the other <abbr title="systems administrators">SAs</abbr> at work,
they save us time and effort.  <a href="http://www.perl.com">perl</a>, <a
href="http://www.openssh.com">OpenSSH</a>, and <a
href="http://www.sudo.ws">sudo</a> are extremely effective, I should
really sit down and write a paper about how it works, it's quite neat.
After a typo the other day a guy I work with managed to restart all of our
production applications in the middle of the day, about 20 load-balanced
j2ee servers, in a matter of minutes.  Luckily they're pretty reliable and
before anyone could really complain everything was back up. :)  We still had
to explain to everyone <em>WHY</em> everything got restarted, but it was
honestly a little funny.  For now I've disabled restarting all of
production in my scripts.  :D  I had my first "review" at work the other
day, they're really happy with me.  I came across <a
href="http://www.norvig.com/21-days.html">Teach Yourself Programming in
Ten Years</a> earlier by way of #lisp on freenode, it made me think about
coding, about going back to school, and about growing as a software
designer...  Things I sometimes feel like I've abandoned in the pursuit of
a more comfortable living situation.  Luckily there's always my friends
from #edevelop, and the satisfaction that working on <abbr title="all things enlightened">e</abbr> brings me.  </p> <p>On the <a
href="http://www.enlightenment.org"><abbr title="Enlightenment Window Manager">E</abbr></a> front things have been pretty active.  <a
href="http://students.cs.byu.edu/~philhans/glass.eet">Glass</a> is
the byproduct of philhans, I believe it's his first edje and it's an
Entrance theme.  We're looking forward to seeing more out of him. :) Raster
has also whipped up a new entrance theme to match the default <abbr title="vaporware: i heard it's never coming out :)">e17</abbr> theme in cvs.  Between raster and phil I've been trying to address themer's issues with entrance before they get distracted and move onto other things, we've had a productive week.  Currently working on a code review, and after that will start mapping out future
features with <a href="http://www.xcomputerman.com">xcomp</a> and <a href="http://www.rasterman.com">raster</a>.  <a href="http://ningerso.atmos.org">Rbdpngn</a> has been working with <a href="http://www.everburning.com">dj2</a> on ewl/etox from what I've gathered and I think their collaboration is turning out to be a good thing.  dj2 has taken on a more prominent role in recent months,
and has been heading up engrave a lib to modify, read, and write edjes and .edc docs.  Since I've commented on what I think the rest of the developers are doing I might as well guess what the remainder are doing.  Raster is busy on e and ecore, basically filling out parts in ecore that are needed for e.  He's also answering our questions on how to use things and fixing oversights that we bring
up.  <a href="http://aje.codewordt.co.uk/">HandyAnde</a> has been doing engage work and tinkering with e17 modules.  Tilman has been providing us with ruby love, and it seems is spending a bit of time working on <a href="http://xmms2.xmms.se">xmms2</a>.  I see <a href="http://www.azundris.com">Azu</a> every once in a while, but my Evidence-CVS commits folder tells me she's been active on
that.</p> <p>Allison aged up last week, we had a wonderful meal at a quiet
Italian restaurant.  Kaya(my kitten) and Flea(her cat) have become good
friends, and Flea is adjusting to being an inside only cat.  Kaya's
developed a taste for beer, you can't seem to keep her face out of your
pint glasses or off of the top of your bottles.</p>
