--- 
layout: post
title: Put My Sole In The Tide
---
<p>All of the <a href="http://www.enlightenment.org/">E</a> folks have been moving towards <a href="http://www.atomenabled.org/">atom</a> and <a href="http://http://www.w3.org/RDF/">rdf/rss</a> to share their blog entries on <a href="http://www.edevelop.org">edevelop.org</a>.  Now that more of us are participating in it, it's nice to be able stop off in one place to see what we're all upto.  I'm using an atom feed that's available <a href="http://www.atmos.org/atom/">here</a>, and it actually made me *gasp* read up on something, and write a simple <a href="http://www.php.net/"><abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">php</abbr></a> script to generate it for me.</p> <p>Been trying to address outstanding bugs in <a href="http://xcomputerman.com/pages/entrance.html">entrance</a> this past week and it's been rather fruitful.  Continuing the refactoring rampage, and hopefully once things become a lot more solid we can start addressing user requests.  Apparently changing your background but keeping the same login widgets and stuff is a popular request.  We also have plans of addressing multihead systems in a subtle but elegant way. :)  Basically Entrance will be smart enough to know which monitor your mouse is on, and the login widgets will follow you around depending on what screen you're on.  You'll also be able to pick whether your background should tile or span multiple screens.  dphase has been lurking for a while again recently, and just made his first commits in 4 years to a little image viewer called retina.  I managed to pick his brain and raster's about enhancements to <a href="http://www.atmos.org/docs/entice/index.html">entice</a> which was really nice because I don't get much feedback on it.  Hopefully over the next couple of months I'm going to collaborate with dphase on a new default theme, and a few enhancements to make it more friendly and more attractive to digital photographers.  I'd like to welcome <a href="http://www.cored.org/">tokyo</a> to the growing group of people who're hosting their websites here at <a href="http://www.atmos.org/">atmos.org</a>  It's so nice to be able to share this thing with my friends. :)</p>  <p>Work has been nice and quiet as we're undergoing the year end production freeze.  I've taken the time to clean up my load balanced app server script suite that's been an ongoing project since I got there. We're upgrading our <abbr title="Single Sign On">SSO</abbr> <a href="http://www.apache.org/">Apache</a> reverse proxies, some to 1.x and some to 2.x.  The amount of traffic that goes through those things is absolutely amazing.  I've also been writing some Win32 perl to enable automatic logging for  <a href="http://www.ibm.com/software/lotus/support/sametime/support.html">Lotus Sametime</a>.  You can't get by at work without sametime, and I find it completely insane that there's no automatic logging feature, hell you can't timestamp the conversations you manually request it to save.  It annoyed me enough that I eventually found some perl modules that'd let me query all the open windows on my screen and fetch text from the window handles it returns.  Probably kinda wasteful in all honesty, but they're really small(disk usage-wise), and I tend to accidently close the windows or completely forget to log them when it's important.  It runs pretty well with minimal overhead(considering I can't do event callbacks), and neatly organizes <em>all</em> of my sametime conversations as logs on my disk. Anybody know how to intercept win32 events on windows returned from Win32::Setupsup or <a href="http://search.cpan.org/~teverett/Win32-CtrlGUI-0.30/Win32/CtrlGUI.pm">Win32::CtrlGUI</a>? :)  I could fix this properly if they'd just share the damn source code, but since they don't I had to hack something together. </p> <p>In life related news it's been a really cold week in Atlanta.  Allison and I swapped our christmas presents a week early, I got her an <a href="http://www.apple.com/ipod/">iPod</a>, and she got me some really nice Triport Headphones from <a href="http://www.bose.com">Bose</a>.  It was really cool to be able to get her something nice for christmas, I've never been in a position to do something like that before.  We're gonna hop in the car later this week and head to Memphis to see our families and enjoy some time with friends we don't get to see anymore since we moved.  We'll be back by sunday night though as she has to be back to work on Monday. :'( </p>
