--- 
layout: post
title: Changeling
---
<p>
I got the job offer in Atlanta, I'm pursuing it.
It's doing large scale <a href="http://www.sun.com/">Sun</a>
administration. I'm waiting on the proper paperwork to arrive, but the tentative start date is July 7th.  The plan is basically: They bring me in as a Junior Admin, they train me, eventually giving me more responsibility as I grow there.  The offer coincides nicely with my <a href="http://issrl.cs.memphis.edu">ISSRL</a> contract expiring at the end of this month.
</p>  
<p>
I don't have too many nice things, mostly second hand stuff on its last legs.  I plan on bringing only the necessities: laptop, nat box, web/file server, books, digital camera, ipod, rollerblades, my two monitors, wap, switch, disc golf discs, the hard drive out of my dying workstation, and my
clothes.  I really wish my wonderful girlfriend was in that list, but that's not the case.
</p>
<p>
Moving is going to definitely put a strain on my relationship with Allison.  Over the past month Allison and I discussed moving together, selling her house, and all of the wonderful fun things that a new city would bring.  I guess we were being unrealistic, but now that it's a reality we're freaking out.  The reality is we're going to have to spend some time apart,maybe a few months.  Hopefully when things(mainly selling her house) get sorted out, she's gonna be on her way out to Georgia too.  The sooner the better.
</p>
<p>
There's more!  <a href="http://www.rasterman.com">Raster</a> got an <a href="http://www.enlightenment.org">Enlightenment.org</a> booth at <a 
href="http://www.linuxworldexpo.com">LinuxWorld Conference & Expo</a> in San Francisco in August.  Quite a few of the enlightenment developers are going to be there.  I got very excited about the possibility of meeting the other hackers I've known only through IRC and Email over the past few years I've spent participating in the project.  Taking this new job means I'll probably miss out.  I haven't actually asked, but something about asking for vacation days before you've even started doesn't seem like it makes a good
impression.
</p>
<p>
I got a <a href="http://gmail.google.com/">Gmail</a> account.  As a friend  recently stated, "It's nice, but it's still webmail."  It does help me out though because my <a href="http://www.memphis.edu">memphis.edu</a> email
account is going to expire in the next few months.
</p>
