--- 
layout: post
title: Broken Wings
---
<p>The cold is slowly seeping out of our Mississippi home.  We're fortunately getting to use more and more of the rooms again.  You can't see your breath inside the house anymore!   The <a href="/news/2003-04-10/2/">wasps</a> are back, but in much smaller numbers this year.  We've been doing a decent amount of yard work the past few weeks.  I think the running total is about thirty-eight 55-gallon bags of leaves over the course of three weekends.  We're still not done, but the yard look <em>immensely</em> better.  On top of that Allison and I have been walking together in the evenings.</p>
<p>We got a roomate, his name is Andy.  He's a mutual friend of Allison and I, and he's cool.  We had the extra room, he was in a living space transition, and he ended up here. :)  He brought his dog, Timber, a border collie.  Allison and I have recently wanted a dog around, hopefully Timber will pacify our urges.  We're excited about having someone else around, and a third person helps immensely with my current employment status.</p>
<p>I still don't have a job, I'm sorta kicking myself in the ass for turning that job offer down that I got immediately after graduation.  My car is fucked up again, so I quit driving it.  A friend tipped me off to some possibile culprits and how I could fix them myself.  I guess I need a car manual, I am literate after all.</p>
<p><a href="/docs/entice/index.html">Entice</a> is in better shape!  I cleaned up the saving routines which had been broken since the migration to <a href="/docs/epsilon/index.html">Epsilon</a> and a few other minor nicities.  <a href="http://tokyo.cored.org">Tokyo</a> mentioned he was working on a theme for it, so I'm trying to clean up the part/signal namespace and offer him all the help he needs.  New <a href="/docs/entrance/index.html">Entrance</a> user and session code is in cvs, some is just refactored code and some is theme enhancing.  You should try out the taillights theme in cvs, or <a href="/files/gentooed-src.tar.gz">gentooed</a> to see the difference.  Entrance prolly needs a parts/signal namespace overhaul now that I think about it.</p>
<p>Speaking of Entrance, I spent a bit of time on <strong>ecco</strong> the past ten days or so.  It's an edje based configuration tool for entrance, which will hopefully make configuring Entrance easy and intuitive.  You can checkout a few screenshots <a href="/images/ecco1.png">here</a>, <a href="/images/ecco2.png">here</a>, <a href="/images/ecco3.png">here</a>, and <a href="/images/ecco4.png">here</a>.  You get smooth animation between those different interfaces, and it's even themeable in <a href="http://www.cuddletech.com/edje/">Edje</a>.  I've added the edje source to my <a href="/edje/">edje</a> section, but I imagine it'll end up in <a href="http://www.enlightenment.org">e</a> cvs before too long.  It actually works quite well.</p>
