--- 
layout: post
title: Brown Skin Lady
---
<p>Having an 8-5 job isn't so horrible, it makes you appreciate the time that you don't spend there a little more.  Last weekend Allison came down for a few days, and it was unbelievable.  We went to Six Flags and rode roller coasters, picked up all of those things I "needed" but had managed to live without(like a broom and a mop), and just spent time drunk on the presence of the other person.  We've been talking about getting married lately, and it's a much less freaky thought than it was 6 months ago.  I still haven't asked her officially, but there's definitely a high likelihood that'll happen sometime in the future.  She's an absolutely wonderful girl, and I'm completely ready for her to move down here with me.</p>
<p>Good old Ben "the christmas baby" Humphries came down to visit this weekend.  I met Ben in the first programming class I ever took, and we became friends because he was one of two other people in that class that used Linux.  A few years later he's working for the University of Memphis CS Department(like I used to) and studying foreign languages there.  He got here late on Friday, we spent Saturday exploring downtown Atlanta, and we spent Saturday night eating sushi at Hashi-Guchi's and enjoying a beer at the <a href="http://www.mellowmushroom.com">Mellow Mushroom</a>.  It was cool to get to catch up some, and hear about his adventures in Germany this summer.  He's apparently anxious to get back to Europe, and I can't say I blame him. :)  He left early on Sunday morning, and I've gotten word over aim that he's made it home safely.</p>
<p>I've been wondering about <acronym title="Exchangeable Image File Format"><a href="http://www.exif.org">exif</a></acronym> support for entice a bit lately.  I spent some time with exif support in <acronym title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor"><a href="http://www.php.net">PHP</a></acronym> this afternoon and used the C code in <a href="http://evidence.sf.net">evidence</a> to get a slightly better understanding of how I might interact with it.  Part of me wants to change the license to <acronym title="General Public License"><a href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.txt">GPL</a></acronym> and use a library someone else already wrote.  <a href="http://www.rasterman.com">Raster</a> thinks it'd be best to overhaul the imlib2 loader api so evas can use it easier, AND as a bonus include the exif(or other metadata) information as a lump you can read/write to the loader/saver api.  Imlib2 currently supports something like this, but it overly simplifies what can be a somewhat complex process of attaching the meta info to your image files.  Guess I'm gonna ponder this one for a minute because I am either going to</p>
<ul>
<li>spend a bunch of time in imlib2's loader internals</li>
<li>write a jpeg loader/saver custom for entice</li>
</ul>
<p>Neither look "fun", but since I want it ...    :)</p>
