--- 
layout: post
title: My Iron Lung
---
<p>Spent most of the weekend at my parent's house, they were outta town and their house is warm.  Our house is <B>cold</B> this time of year, it's really not too big of a deal that my desktop is dead right now since my room usually is too cold to inhabit for long periods of time anyways.  There's seven rooms in our house, two of which have working heat currently.  We could fix this if I was employed, but I'm still looking for job.  I did have a really cool interview last week, everything from the environment to the people I'd be working with seemed interesting.  It'd be doing Oracle shit which I have absolutely no experience with, but I don't have a doubt in my mind about my ability to do the job.  At the point where you're broke and almost willing to accept any offer, it's really cool when a opportunity seems interesting.  I guess I'll just have to wait to hear back from them.</p>
<p>I talked to an old friend today, Jeff Laretto.  I prolly hadn't talked to him in two years or so, he's a hacker too.  He's an M$ kiddie though, even worked on Outlook for a while.  I spent countless hours as a teenager skating and chilling with Jeff.  He was one of my favorite people to play chess with when I first got into it, from the friendly shit talking to the creative battle itself.  Talking to him got me all excited for some reason, I was glad to hear things are going well for him.</p> 
<p><a href="http://www.pandora.la">Pandora</a> rerendered the spinning <a href="http://www.gentoo.org">Gentoo</a> logo for my Gentooed entrance theme.  It resulted in a big drop in CPU consumption which is always a plus.  I've been working on cleaning it up to use the luxi fonts <a href="http://www.xcomputerman.com">xcomp</a> recently added so anyone with entrance already installed will be able to install it with ease.  I've been playing with these gravity object things, basically evas objects you can throw into an ecore_evas and you can control sizing/placement of your ecore_evas based on the size of your object.  I'm still looking for a way to make this brainless for themers, when I do I'll prolly add it to esmart.  I added some dragable code to esmart recently, it basically allows you to move windows around based on objects inside of your window.  It's not right, but if someone were to fix it, it'll be there for future use.  Little entrance fixups due to his CVS in the next few days, remembering users and their desired xsession most notably.  I've added a little <a href="/edje/">Edje</a> page to start sharing my edjes, and added a few new things to the <a href="/code/">Code</a> section as well.</p>
