--- 
layout: post
title: Day Grows Old
---
<p>I've been rewriting entice.  I wanted to add new functionality, and didn't wanna hack it in.  Since entice's inception the <abbr title="Enlightenment Foundation Libraries">EFL</abbr> has grown up a lot.  My goal is to take advantage of this growth, and provide a more robust app that allows for further enhancements without having to rewrite it again at this level(I guess that's what most software <em>tries</em> to do, but doesn't very well).  Anyways it's leveraging Ecore events, in hopes that plugins can eventually be developed to add robustness to the application.  At this time I don't see any reason to break the current theme format, as I'm quite happy with it, but I do see some work coming on the esmart container...  I'm not very excited about that.  Other than the container work I've planned a good bit of the inner workings out, and it's just a matter of time before I'll be dropping it into CVS.  I will probably tag the current version, make a formal release, and move on with the new ideas.</p>
<p>I've got a handful of ruby scripts that I'll probably be sharing pretty soon.  One of which drives my <a href="/gallery/">galleries</a>, it uses <a href="http://tam.0xfa.com/ruby-libexif/">Ruby-EXIF</a> and <a href="http://www.pablotron.org/software/imlib2-ruby/">Imlib2-Ruby</a> to generate thumbnails that're properly oriented and ready for the web.  If you hadn't noticed that my site changed slightly, the <abbr title="Ruby On Rails"><a href="http://www.rubyonrails.net">RoR</a></abbr> push is complete.  However RoR made quite a few releases since I last hacked on this site, they've made it even easier to write web pages...  Once the entice changes wrap up, I expect to revist this site and make some enhancements(which might only be on the backend and you'll never see) :D</p>
<p>Just got off the phone with an <a href="http://www.videogroove.com">Old Friend</a>, Dave Paine, who's been working for <a href="http://www.fuel.tv">Fuel</a> for the past two years.  It was insane to get caught up on life, and reminisce about my old skating days.  It seems like a different lifetime sometimes, but I spent so much time travelling with Dave over a year or two that it'd be crazy to not catch up every so often.  I'm glad he's doing well, and still making the movies that he loves.</p>
<p>I've more or less recovered from the head wound from the Super Bowl.  It still itches, chunks of skin fall off sometimes, I haven't been able to get rid of the dandruf, and Allison is convinced she sees stitches coming out of it on a regular basis.  I've moved on though.  I haven't smoked in about five weeks or so, which is a big step for me.  No nicoderm patches, no gum, I still crave them sometimes, but I am hoping I'm over cigarettes for good.  We joined a <a href="http://www.sportingclubwindyhill.com/">gym</a>, it's extremely nice, close to home, and sanely priced(with the help of <a href="http://www.ge.com/">GE</a>'s discount).  I'm hoping I can start going with healthy alternatives to stress relief rather than "Dude! Let's get some beer!"  :)</p>
