--- 
layout: post
title: Making Perfect Sense
---
* Allison got a used "Mac Mini":http://www.apple.com/macmini/ and I gave her one of my 17" LCDs.  She loves having her own computer. :)
* I sold my other 17" LCD and got "Roy's":http://redx.be old "20 inch Cinema Display":http://www.apple.com/displays/ which is running off of my Linux workstation.  It's splendid.
* I got a used "12inch Powerbook":http://www.apple.com/powerbook/ off of ebay for a sane price.  It's a 1GHZ G4 with 1.25GB of ram.  I'm really enjoying having  a person laptop again.  
* After playing with "textmate":http://macromates.com/ most of the day I might not be using "vim":http://www.vim.org exclusively anymore.  I've *always* developed in vim, and I really like the way textmate feels, if only hjkl worked as expected. :)
* I grabbed a few books the other day, "Pragmatic Unit Testing":http://www.pragmaticprogrammer.com/starter_kit/utc/index.html, "My Job Went to India":http://www.pragmaticprogrammer.com/titles/mjwti/index.html, and the original "Pragmatic Programmer":http://safari.awprofessional.com/?XmlId=0-201-61622-X book.  I've only gotten through the first 10 parts of My Job Went to India, but I'd definitely say it's worth the 20$.
* My last day at GE is February 17th.
* I'm going to "Rails Conf":http://www.railsconf.org. 

One of the first rails apps I wrote was a <acronym title="Create Read Update Delete">CRUD</acronym> app that kept track of all of our appserver instances at work across a variety of environments.  Well the box the database server was hosted on shit the bed the other day, and I had no real database backups.  Luckily I'd dumped most of the records out to "YAML":http://www.yaml.org only a few days prior, but a lot of the associations were missing.  Most of my co-workers have become really dependent on the app for their day to day work, so I'm trying to whip up an edge rails compliant version before I leave next week.  I'd be embarassed to show anyone the old code, and the idea of someone possibly trying to maintain it just made me feel like a dick.  It's an *OLD* app though, written originally on 0.8.5, and somehow contorted into working on 0.12.1.   A few things really suck in the old version; no tests(absolutely none), and I chose shitty names for things because I didn't understand rails conventions at the time I wrote it.  Most of the views are reusable, so it's really just a matter of cleaning up the code and writing tests.  I can't believe I actually do <acronym title="Test Driven Development">TDD</acronym> now(though prolly not strict).  Looking back I've come a *LONG* way since this time last year.
