--- 
layout: post
title: Migrations, Life and Code
---
Today we moved all of our stuff from Atlanta to Nashville with the help of our friends Will and Chris.  I've spent the last month sleeping on a gigantic bean bag chair at my friend "roy's":http://www.redx.be.  My back will never forgive me for the pain I inflicted on it in past few weeks.  We now have a huge(relative to our ATL apt) place in Nashville that gives us more space than we know what to do with.  Allison is still living/working in Atlanta and likely will until something opens up for her in Nashville.  Being apart sucks...

I love my new job.  One of my first tasks at my new job was to help them migrate away from thousands of lines(seriously) of raw SQL to rails migrations.  They actually maintained different copies of this elaborate schema for different databases they support, there were nuances, omissions, and database triggers galore, it was atrocious.  By extending active record to handle all of our db trigger requirements I've been able to consolidate it all into a nice ruby schema(minus some db dependent procedural bootstrapping).  I've only recently started digging through the code of the app, roughly 5000 lines of app code, and I'm seriously taken back.  At every corner are places where they strayed from the rails conventions and as a result their ability to truly take advantage of the framework is hindered.  Luckily they've been really open to comments and are beginning to see the light more and more.  The most overwhelming thing at the new job is seeing how important our software is to the company's future.  They really need it to succeed, I'm *so* glad we're using rails. :)
